<!-- DO NOT EDIT: this file is automatically generated using scw-doc-gen -->
# Documentation for scw baremetal

- os
    
      - [get]("#os-get")
      - [list]("#os-list")
- server
    
      - [create]("#server-create")
      - [delete]("#server-delete")
      - [get]("#server-get")
      - [install]("#server-install")
      - [list]("#server-list")
      - [reboot]("#server-reboot")
      - [start]("#server-start")
      - [stop]("#server-stop")
      - [update]("#server-update")
      - [wait]("#server-wait")


## scw baremetal os
  
      ### scw baremetal os get
      ** Usage **:  baremetal os get
** Short **:  Get OS
** Long **:  Return specific OS for the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Get a specific OS ID
  

      ### scw baremetal os list
      ** Usage **:  baremetal os list
** Short **:  List OS
** Long **:  List all available OS that can be install on a baremetal server.

## scw baremetal server
  
      ### scw baremetal server create
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server create
** Short **:  Create server
** Long **:  Create a new server. Once the server is created, you probably want to install an OS.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Create instance
  
    - Create a GP-BM1-M instance, give it a name and add tags
  

      ### scw baremetal server delete
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server delete
** Short **:  Delete server
** Long **:  Delete the server associated with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Delete a baremetal server
  

      ### scw baremetal server get
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server get
** Short **:  Get server
** Long **:  Get the server associated with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Get a given server
  

      ### scw baremetal server install
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server install
** Short **:  Install server
** Long **:  Install an OS on the server associated with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Install an OS on a given server with a particular SSH key ID
  

      ### scw baremetal server list
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server list
** Short **:  List servers
** Long **:  List all created servers.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all servers on your default zone
  

      ### scw baremetal server reboot
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server reboot
** Short **:  Reboot server
** Long **:  Reboot the server associated with the given ID, use boot param to reboot in rescue.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Reboot a server using the same os
  
    - Reboot a server in rescue mode
  

      ### scw baremetal server start
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server start
** Short **:  Start server
** Long **:  Start the server associated with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Start a baremetal server
  

      ### scw baremetal server stop
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server stop
** Short **:  Stop server
** Long **:  Stop the server associated with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Stop a baremetal server
  

      ### scw baremetal server update
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server update
** Short **:  Update server
** Long **:  Update the server associated with the given ID.

      ### scw baremetal server wait
      ** Usage **:  baremetal server wait
** Short **:  Wait for a server to reach a stable state (delivery and installation)
** Long **:  Wait for a server to reach a stable state. This is similar to using --wait flag on other action commands, but without requiring a new action on the server.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Wait for a server to reach a stable state
  

