<!-- DO NOT EDIT: this file is automatically generated using scw-doc-gen -->
# Documentation for scw instance

- image
    
      - [create]("#image-create")
      - [delete]("#image-delete")
      - [get]("#image-get")
      - [list]("#image-list")
      - [wait]("#image-wait")
- ip
    
      - [create]("#ip-create")
      - [delete]("#ip-delete")
      - [get]("#ip-get")
      - [list]("#ip-list")
      - [update]("#ip-update")
- placement-group
    
      - [create]("#placement-group-create")
      - [delete]("#placement-group-delete")
      - [get]("#placement-group-get")
      - [list]("#placement-group-list")
      - [update]("#placement-group-update")
- security-group
    
      - [clear]("#security-group-clear")
      - [create]("#security-group-create")
      - [delete]("#security-group-delete")
      - [get]("#security-group-get")
      - [list]("#security-group-list")
      - [update]("#security-group-update")
- server
    
      - [attach-volume]("#server-attach-volume")
      - [backup]("#server-backup")
      - [console]("#server-console")
      - [create]("#server-create")
      - [delete]("#server-delete")
      - [detach-volume]("#server-detach-volume")
      - [get]("#server-get")
      - [list]("#server-list")
      - [reboot]("#server-reboot")
      - [ssh]("#server-ssh")
      - [standby]("#server-standby")
      - [start]("#server-start")
      - [stop]("#server-stop")
      - [terminate]("#server-terminate")
      - [update]("#server-update")
      - [wait]("#server-wait")
- server-type
    
      - [list]("#server-type-list")
- snapshot
    
      - [create]("#snapshot-create")
      - [delete]("#snapshot-delete")
      - [get]("#snapshot-get")
      - [list]("#snapshot-list")
      - [wait]("#snapshot-wait")
- user-data
    
      - [delete]("#user-data-delete")
      - [get]("#user-data-get")
      - [list]("#user-data-list")
      - [set]("#user-data-set")
- volume
    
      - [create]("#volume-create")
      - [delete]("#volume-delete")
      - [get]("#volume-get")
      - [list]("#volume-list")
      - [update]("#volume-update")
- volume-type
    
      - [list]("#volume-type-list")


## scw instance image
  
      ### scw instance image create
      ** Usage **:  instance image create
** Short **:  Create image
** Long **:  Create image.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Create an image named 'foobar' for x86_64 instances from the given root_volume ID (root_volume ID needs to be a snapshot UUID)
  

      ### scw instance image delete
      ** Usage **:  instance image delete
** Short **:  Delete image
** Long **:  Delete the image with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Delete an image in the default zone with the given ID
  
    - Delete an image in fr-par-1 zone with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance image get
      ** Usage **:  instance image get
** Short **:  Get image
** Long **:  Get details of an image with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Get an image in the default zone with the given ID
  
    - Get an image in fr-par-1 zone with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance image list
      ** Usage **:  instance image list
** Short **:  List images
** Long **:  List all images available in an account.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all public images in the default zone
  

      ### scw instance image wait
      ** Usage **:  instance image wait
** Short **:  Wait for image to reach a stable state
** Long **:  Wait for image to reach a stable state. This is similar to using --wait flag on other action commands, but without requiring a new action on the image.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Wait for a image to reach a stable state
  

## scw instance ip
  
      ### scw instance ip create
      ** Usage **:  instance ip create
** Short **:  Reserve an IP
** Long **:  Reserve an IP.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Create an IP in the default zone
  
    - Create an IP in fr-par-1 zone
  
    - Create an IP and attach it to the given server
  

      ### scw instance ip delete
      ** Usage **:  instance ip delete
** Short **:  Delete IP
** Long **:  Delete the IP with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Delete an IP in the default zone with the given ID
  
    - Delete an IP in fr-par-1 zone with the given ID
  
    - Delete an IP using directly the given IP address
  

      ### scw instance ip get
      ** Usage **:  instance ip get
** Short **:  Get IP
** Long **:  Get details of an IP with the given ID or address.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Get an IP in the default zone with the given ID
  
    - Get an IP in fr-par-1 zone with the given ID
  
    - Get an IP using directly the given IP address
  

      ### scw instance ip list
      ** Usage **:  instance ip list
** Short **:  List IPs
** Long **:  List IPs.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all IPs in the default zone
  
    - List all IPs in fr-par-1 zone
  

      ### scw instance ip update
      ** Usage **:  instance ip update
** Short **:  Update IP
** Long **:  Update IP.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Update an IP in the default zone with the given ID
  
    - Update an IP in fr-par-1 zone with the given ID
  
    - Update an IP using directly the given IP address
  

## scw instance placement-group
  
      ### scw instance placement-group create
      ** Usage **:  instance placement-group create
** Short **:  Create placement group
** Long **:  Create a new placement group.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Create a placement group with default name
  
    - Create a placement group with the given name
  
    - Create an enforced placement group
  
    - Create an optional placement group
  
    - Create an optional low latency placement group
  
    - Create an enforced low latency placement group
  

      ### scw instance placement-group delete
      ** Usage **:  instance placement-group delete
** Short **:  Delete the given placement group
** Long **:  Delete the given placement group.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Delete a placement group in the default zone with the given ID
  
    - Delete a placement group in fr-par-1 zone with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance placement-group get
      ** Usage **:  instance placement-group get
** Short **:  Get placement group
** Long **:  Get the given placement group.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Get a placement group with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance placement-group list
      ** Usage **:  instance placement-group list
** Short **:  List placement groups
** Long **:  List all placement groups.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all placement groups in the default zone
  
    - List placement groups that match a given name ('cluster1' will return 'cluster100' and 'cluster1' but not 'foo')
  

      ### scw instance placement-group update
      ** Usage **:  instance placement-group update
** Short **:  Update placement group
** Long **:  Update one or more parameter of the given placement group.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Update the name of a placement group
  
    - Update the policy mode of a placement group (All instances in your placement group MUST be shutdown)
  
    - Update the policy type of a placement group (All instances in your placement group MUST be shutdown)
  

## scw instance security-group
  
      ### scw instance security-group clear
      ** Usage **:  instance security-group clear
** Short **:  Remove all rules of a security group
** Long **:  

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Remove all rules of the given security group
  

      ### scw instance security-group create
      ** Usage **:  instance security-group create
** Short **:  Create security group
** Long **:  Create security group.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Create a Security Group with the given name and description
  
    - Create a Security Group that will be applied as a default on instances of your organization
  
    - Create a Security Group that will have a default drop inbound policy (Traffic your instance receive)
  
    - Create a Security Group that will have a default drop outbound policy (Traffic your instance transmit)
  
    - Create a stateless Security Group
  

      ### scw instance security-group delete
      ** Usage **:  instance security-group delete
** Short **:  Delete security group
** Long **:  Delete security group.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Delete a security group with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance security-group get
      ** Usage **:  instance security-group get
** Short **:  Get security group
** Long **:  Get the details of a Security Group with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Get a security group with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance security-group list
      ** Usage **:  instance security-group list
** Short **:  List security groups
** Long **:  List all security groups available in an account.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all security groups that match the given name
  

      ### scw instance security-group update
      ** Usage **:  instance security-group update
** Short **:  Update security group
** Long **:  Update security group.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Set the default outbound policy as drop
  
    - Set the given security group as the default for the organization
  
    - Change the name of the given security group
  
    - Change the description of the given security group
  
    - Enable stateful security group
  
    - Set the default inbound policy as drop
  

## scw instance server
  
      ### scw instance server attach-volume
      ** Usage **:  instance server attach-volume
** Short **:  Attach a volume to a server
** Long **:  

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Attach a volume to a server
  

      ### scw instance server backup
      ** Usage **:  instance server backup
** Short **:  Backup server
** Long **:  Create a new image based on the server.

This command:
- creates a snapshot of all attached volumes.
- creates an image based on all these snapshots.

Once your image is ready you will be able to create a new server based on this image.


  ** Examples **:
  
    - Create a new image based on a server
  

      ### scw instance server console
      ** Usage **:  instance server console
** Short **:  Connect to the serial console of an instance
** Long **:  

      ### scw instance server create
      ** Usage **:  instance server create
** Short **:  Create server
** Long **:  Create an instance server.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Create and start an instance on Ubuntu Focal
  
    - Create a GP1-XS instance, give it a name and add tags
  
    - Create an instance with 2 additional block volumes (50GB and 100GB)
  
    - Create an instance with 2 local volumes (10GB and 10GB)
  
    - Use an existing IP
  

      ### scw instance server delete
      ** Usage **:  instance server delete
** Short **:  Delete server
** Long **:  Delete a server with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Delete a server in the default zone with a given id
  
    - Delete a server in fr-par-1 zone with a given id
  

      ### scw instance server detach-volume
      ** Usage **:  instance server detach-volume
** Short **:  Detach a volume from its server
** Long **:  

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Detach a volume from its server
  

      ### scw instance server get
      ** Usage **:  instance server get
** Short **:  Get server
** Long **:  Get the details of a specified Server.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Get a server with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance server list
      ** Usage **:  instance server list
** Short **:  List servers
** Long **:  List servers.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all servers on your default zone
  
    - List servers of this commercial type
  
    - List servers that are not attached to a public IP
  
    - List servers that match the given name ('server1' will return 'server100' and 'server1' but not 'foo')
  

      ### scw instance server reboot
      ** Usage **:  instance server reboot
** Short **:  Reboot server
** Long **:  

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Reboot a server in the default zone with a given id
  
    - Reboot a server in fr-par-1 zone with a given id
  

      ### scw instance server ssh
      ** Usage **:  instance server ssh
** Short **:  SSH into a server
** Long **:  Connect to distant server via the SSH protocol.

      ### scw instance server standby
      ** Usage **:  instance server standby
** Short **:  Put server in standby mode
** Long **:  

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Put in standby a server in the default zone with a given id
  
    - Put in standby a server in fr-par-1 zone with a given id
  

      ### scw instance server start
      ** Usage **:  instance server start
** Short **:  Power on server
** Long **:  

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Start a server in the default zone with a given id
  
    - Start a server in fr-par-1 zone with a given id
  

      ### scw instance server stop
      ** Usage **:  instance server stop
** Short **:  Power off server
** Long **:  

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Stop a server in the default zone with a given id
  
    - Stop a server in fr-par-1 zone with a given id
  

      ### scw instance server terminate
      ** Usage **:  instance server terminate
** Short **:  Terminate server
** Long **:  Terminates a server with the given ID and all of its volumes.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Terminate a server in the default zone with a given id
  
    - Terminate a server in fr-par-1 zone with a given id
  
    - Terminate a server and also delete its flexible IPs
  

      ### scw instance server update
      ** Usage **:  instance server update
** Short **:  Update server
** Long **:  Update server.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Update the name of a given server
  
    - Put a given instance in rescue mode (reboot is required to access rescue mode)
  
    - Overwrite tags of a given server
  
    - Enable IPv6 on a given server
  
    - Apply the given security group to a given server
  
    - Put a given server in the given placement group. Server must be off
  

      ### scw instance server wait
      ** Usage **:  instance server wait
** Short **:  Wait for server to reach a stable state
** Long **:  Wait for server to reach a stable state. This is similar to using --wait flag on other action commands, but without requiring a new action on the server.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Wait for a server to reach a stable state
  

## scw instance server-type
  
      ### scw instance server-type list
      ** Usage **:  instance server-type list
** Short **:  List server types
** Long **:  Get server types technical details.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all server-types in the default zone
  
    - List all server-types in fr-par-1 zone
  

## scw instance snapshot
  
      ### scw instance snapshot create
      ** Usage **:  instance snapshot create
** Short **:  Create snapshot
** Long **:  Create snapshot.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Create a snapshot in the default zone from the given volume ID
  
    - Create a snapshot in fr-par-1 zone from the given volume ID
  
    - Create a named snapshot from the given volume ID
  

      ### scw instance snapshot delete
      ** Usage **:  instance snapshot delete
** Short **:  Delete snapshot
** Long **:  Delete the snapshot with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Delete a snapshot in the default zone with the given ID
  
    - Delete a snapshot in fr-par-1 zone with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance snapshot get
      ** Usage **:  instance snapshot get
** Short **:  Get snapshot
** Long **:  Get details of a snapshot with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Get a snapshot in the default zone with the given ID
  
    - Get a snapshot in fr-par-1 zone with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance snapshot list
      ** Usage **:  instance snapshot list
** Short **:  List snapshots
** Long **:  List snapshots.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all snapshots in the default zone
  
    - List all snapshots in fr-par-1 zone
  

      ### scw instance snapshot wait
      ** Usage **:  instance snapshot wait
** Short **:  Wait for snapshot to reach a stable state
** Long **:  Wait for snapshot to reach a stable state. This is similar to using --wait flag on other action commands, but without requiring a new action on the snapshot.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Wait for a snapshot to reach a stable state
  

## scw instance user-data
  
      ### scw instance user-data delete
      ** Usage **:  instance user-data delete
** Short **:  Delete user data
** Long **:  Delete the given key from a server user data.

      ### scw instance user-data get
      ** Usage **:  instance user-data get
** Short **:  Get user data
** Long **:  Get the content of a user data with the given key on a server.

      ### scw instance user-data list
      ** Usage **:  instance user-data list
** Short **:  List user data
** Long **:  List all user data keys registered on a given server.

      ### scw instance user-data set
      ** Usage **:  instance user-data set
** Short **:  Add/Set user data
** Long **:  Add or update a user data with the given key on a server.

## scw instance volume
  
      ### scw instance volume create
      ** Usage **:  instance volume create
** Short **:  Create volume
** Long **:  Create volume.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Create a volume called 'my-volume'
  
    - Create a volume with a size of 50GB
  
    - Create a volume of type 'l_ssd', based on volume '00112233-4455-6677-8899-aabbccddeeff'
  

      ### scw instance volume delete
      ** Usage **:  instance volume delete
** Short **:  Delete volume
** Long **:  Delete the volume with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Delete a volume with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance volume get
      ** Usage **:  instance volume get
** Short **:  Get volume
** Long **:  Get details of a volume with the given ID.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Get a volume with the given ID
  

      ### scw instance volume list
      ** Usage **:  instance volume list
** Short **:  List volumes
** Long **:  List volumes.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all volumes
  
    - List all block storage volumes
  
    - List all local storage volumes
  
    - List all volumes that match a name
  
    - List all block storage volumes that match a name
  

      ### scw instance volume update
      ** Usage **:  instance volume update
** Short **:  Update volume
** Long **:  Replace name and/or size properties of given ID volume with the given value(s). Any volume name can be changed while, for now, only `b_ssd` volume growing is supported.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - Change the volume name
  
    - Change the volume disk size (bytes)
  
    - Change the volume name and disk size
  

## scw instance volume-type
  
      ### scw instance volume-type list
      ** Usage **:  instance volume-type list
** Short **:  List volumes types
** Long **:  Get volumes technical details.

  ** Examples **:
  
    - List all volume-types in the default zone
  
    - List all volume-types in fr-par-1 zone
  

