<!-- DO NOT EDIT: this file is automatically generated using scw-doc-gen -->
# Documentation for scw registry

- docker-helper
    
      - [erase]("#docker-helper-erase")
      - [get]("#docker-helper-get")
      - [list]("#docker-helper-list")
      - [store]("#docker-helper-store")
- image
    
      - [delete]("#image-delete")
      - [get]("#image-get")
      - [list]("#image-list")
      - [update]("#image-update")
- [install-docker-helper]("#install-docker-helper")
  
- [login]("#login")
  
- [logout]("#logout")
  
- namespace
    
      - [create]("#namespace-create")
      - [delete]("#namespace-delete")
      - [get]("#namespace-get")
      - [list]("#namespace-list")
      - [update]("#namespace-update")
- tag
    
      - [delete]("#tag-delete")
      - [get]("#tag-get")
      - [list]("#tag-list")


## scw registry docker-helper
  
      ### scw registry docker-helper erase
      ** Usage **:  registry docker-helper erase
** Short **:  
** Long **:  

      ### scw registry docker-helper get
      ** Usage **:  registry docker-helper get
** Short **:  
** Long **:  

      ### scw registry docker-helper list
      ** Usage **:  registry docker-helper list
** Short **:  
** Long **:  

      ### scw registry docker-helper store
      ** Usage **:  registry docker-helper store
** Short **:  
** Long **:  

## scw registry image
  
      ### scw registry image delete
      ** Usage **:  registry image delete
** Short **:  Delete an image
** Long **:  Delete the image associated with the given id.

      ### scw registry image get
      ** Usage **:  registry image get
** Short **:  Get a image
** Long **:  Get the image associated with the given id.

      ### scw registry image list
      ** Usage **:  registry image list
** Short **:  List all your images
** Long **:  List all your images.

      ### scw registry image update
      ** Usage **:  registry image update
** Short **:  Update an existing image
** Long **:  Update the image associated with the given id.

## scw registry install-docker-helper
  ** Usage **:  registry install-docker-helper 
** Short **:  Install a local Docker credential helper
** Long **:  This command will install the Docker credential helper for your account.

It will create a new script named docker-credential-scw. 
This script will be called each time Docker needs the credentials and will return the correct credentials.
It avoid running docker login commands.


  
## scw registry login
  ** Usage **:  registry login 
** Short **:  Login to a registry
** Long **:  This command will run the correct command in order to log you in on the registry with the chosen program.
You will need to have the chosen binary installed on your system and in your PATH.

  
## scw registry logout
  ** Usage **:  registry logout 
** Short **:  Logout of a registry
** Long **:  This command will run the correct command in order to log you out of the registry with the chosen program.
You will need to have the chosen binary installed on your system and in your PATH.

  
## scw registry namespace
  
      ### scw registry namespace create
      ** Usage **:  registry namespace create
** Short **:  Create a new namespace
** Long **:  Create a new namespace.

      ### scw registry namespace delete
      ** Usage **:  registry namespace delete
** Short **:  Delete an existing namespace
** Long **:  Delete the namespace associated with the given id.

      ### scw registry namespace get
      ** Usage **:  registry namespace get
** Short **:  Get a namespace
** Long **:  Get the namespace associated with the given id.

      ### scw registry namespace list
      ** Usage **:  registry namespace list
** Short **:  List all your namespaces
** Long **:  List all your namespaces.

      ### scw registry namespace update
      ** Usage **:  registry namespace update
** Short **:  Update an existing namespace
** Long **:  Update the namespace associated with the given id.

## scw registry tag
  
      ### scw registry tag delete
      ** Usage **:  registry tag delete
** Short **:  Delete a tag
** Long **:  Delete the tag associated with the given id.

      ### scw registry tag get
      ** Usage **:  registry tag get
** Short **:  Get a tag
** Long **:  Get the tag associated with the given id.

      ### scw registry tag list
      ** Usage **:  registry tag list
** Short **:  List all your tags
** Long **:  List all your tags.

